https://jobs.mayoclinic.org/job/rochester/digital-product-manager-ai-remote/33647/48964394096


Responsibilities

Responsible for driving the vision, strategy, business requirements, roadmap, and execution for assigned digital product. Advocates for the end user experience through data and research driven product discovery and development methods. Ensures alignment between Product, Business and Platform priorities in context of Mayo Clinic's overall strategy and goals, while ensuring the end-user needs are met. Oversees the entire life cycle of the assigned product, from defining setting the vision, managing team to hit OKRs, deriving feature intention maps, managing capacity against scope, building/acquiring the technology - and ultimately creating a best in class user/customer experience, while on time and within budget. Accountable to the success of a cross-functional team including, including experts in design, IT, analytics, marketing, and others. Applies Agile product methodologies. Responsible for driving the product strategy, vision, design, and development execution. Ensure delivery of high-value products in alignment with business goals and user experience optimization. Leads a high performing cross-functional team effectively and efficiently that is collaborative with business partners, customers, and other stakeholders (Engineering, UX/UI, Operations, Engagement, AI, etc.). Leverages market and customer feedback and data to inform and guide future product/feature development. Advocate for end-users, and builds and improves features based on their pain points -strives to make product technology and workflows easy to use.

Proactively manages and monitors product and operational risks (regulatory, security, operational, etc.) in order to prevent and/or mitigate risks to the customer and business. Ability to establish deep partnerships with business stakeholders to ensure product achieves business requirements and aligns to other organizational strategies and priorities.

Monitors and manages product schedules, scopes and budgets and delivering as scheduled. Manages external Mayo Clinic vendor and partnership relationships as assigned. Sets and manages to product performance scorecards and OKRs. Works collaboratively across all Mayo Clinic Platform domains, business partners (Practice, Education, Research, Administration, Platform, International, Provider Relations) and Mayo Clinic Shared Services. Works collaboratively with internal Mayo Clinic clients, including consultants, clinical and research professionals, administrators, and external business partners. Represents Mayo Clinic in interactions with vendors, and non-Mayo partners in a positive and constructive way.



Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree (business, communications, advertising, marketing, statistics, engineering, technology, health care) and 3+ yrs of digital product management experience (2 yrs with digital products); or minimum of 5 years direct digital product management with HS diploma/GED required. Prior health care experience preferred. Experience in managing complex products or a family of multiple products required.

This vacancy is not eligible for sponsorship/ we will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position.



Exemption Status

Exempt

Compensation Detail

$105,268 - $147,308 / year

Benefits Eligible

Yes

Schedule

Full Time

Hours/Pay Period

80

Schedule Details

Monday - Friday, Normal Business Hours 100% Remote. <20% travel may be required

Weekend Schedule

Not Applicable

International Assignment

No

Recruiter

Julie Melton

Department Title

Mayo Clinic Platform





--------


https://jobs.mayoclinic.org/job/rochester/it-director-product-management-remote/33647/52111745888

Why Mayo Clinic

Mayo Clinic is top-ranked in more specialties than any other care provider according to U.S. News & World Report. As we work together to put the needs of the patient first, we are also dedicated to our employees, investing in competitive compensation and comprehensive benefit plans – to take care of you and your family, now and in the future. And with continuing education and advancement opportunities at every turn, you can build a long, successful career with Mayo Clinic. You’ll thrive in an environment that supports innovation, is committed to ending racism and supporting diversity, equity and inclusion, and provides the resources you need to succeed.


Responsibilities

The Office of the CTO is hiring for a Director of Product Management to provide product management oversight for Tiger Teams and R&D teams who will be responsible for high velocity, high impact initiatives across a range of technologies. The position will closely work with Epic implementation teams to identify opportunities for innovating and building on Epic APIs and integrations. The teams will also be involved in emerging technology research and overseeing proofs of concept of new technologies to Mayo Clinic. This will includes a variety of areas such as large language models, chatbots, low-code innovation, unified collaboration tools and more. They will work with other operational teams and architects to identify minimal valuable products for prototyping and piloting in these areas. 

This individual will be responsible for driving the vision, strategy, business requirements, roadmap development, and execution for the assigned technology product portfolio or platform and the corresponding product teams.

They will:

Advocate for the end user experience through data and research driven product discovery and development methods.
Ensure alignment between Product, Business and Platform/Property priorities in context of Mayo Clinic's overall strategy and goals, while ensuring the end-user needs are met.
Oversee the entire life cycle of the assigned product, from defining setting the vision, managing team to hit OKRs, deriving feature intention maps, managing capacity against scope, building/acquiring the technology - and ultimately creating a best in class user/customer experience, while on time and within budget.
Lead using Agile product methodologies.
Work with IT, Experience Design, Content and Digital Analytics leaders.
Manage a cross-functional team including, including experts in design, engineering, marketing, and others. Recruits, hires, and mentors members of the team.
Drive the product portfolio or platform strategy, vision, design, and development execution.
Ensure delivery of high-value products in alignment with business goals and user experience optimization.
Identify, Recruit/Hire, and mentor high performing product managers and related roles.
Demonstrate an ability to balance competing priorities to maximize consumer and business value.
Foster a culture of empowered teams via agile methodologies and servant leadership.
Lead a high performing cross-functional team effectively and efficiently that is collaborative with business partners, customers, and other stakeholders (Engineering, UX/UI, Operations, Engagement, AI, etc.).
Establish deep partnerships with business stakeholders to ensure product achieves business requirements and aligns to other organizational strategies and priorities.
Leverage market and customer feedback and data to inform and guide future product/feature development.
Advocate for end-users, and builds and improves features based on their pain points -strives to make product technology and workflows easy to use.
Proactively manage and monitor product and operational risks (regulatory, security, operational, etc.) in order to prevent and/or mitigate risks to the customer and business.
Monitor and manage product schedules, scopes and budgets and delivering as scheduled.
Manage external Mayo Clinic vendor and partnership relationships as assigned.
Set and manage to product performance scorecards and OKRs.
Represent Mayo in a positive light with external partners and vendors.
Quickly build credibility and partnership with key internal partners and leaders.
This position is 100% remote within the United States. 

Authorization to work and remain in the United States, without necessity for Mayo Clinic sponsorship now, or in the future (for example, be a U.S. Citizen, national, or permanent resident, refugee, or asylee). Also, Mayo Clinic does not participate in the F-1 STEM OPT extension program.



Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree (engineering, technology, health care). 8+ years of product management experience, with minimum 5 years in relevant product management. Masters degree in management or engineering preferred. Experience in managing complex products or a family of multiple products.



Exemption Status

Exempt

Compensation Detail

$167,981 - $243,568 / year

Benefits Eligible

Yes

Schedule

Full Time

Hours/Pay Period

80

Schedule Details

Monday - Friday, 8am - 5pm

Weekend Schedule

As needed

International Assignment

No

Site Description

Just as our reputation has spread beyond our Minnesota roots, so have our locations. Today, our employees are located at our three major campuses in Phoenix/Scottsdale, Arizona, Jacksonville, Florida, Rochester, Minnesota, and at Mayo Clinic Health System campuses throughout Midwestern communities, and at our international locations. Each Mayo Clinic location is a special place where our employees thrive in both their work and personal lives. Learn more about what each unique Mayo Clinic campus has to offer, and where your best fit is.

Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer

As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.


Recruiter

Ted Keefe

Department Title

Information Technology
